oh I'm sure for Jane welcome into my
classroom and we got to teacher we make
some beautiful up on top we call them in
French tap as i c'n come from as a spot
of France we're beautiful I'm going to
use some dice up over here which I'm
going to cook with a vanilla custard
very simple to make and the ratio trust
me is amazing but I recipe are we going
to use for that recipe I'm going to use
the pad Sucre for my shell and prevent
those if you want to learn how to make a
putt Sucre on the recipe in my channel
so look for it I'm going to do that
custard in which I'm going to have to or
a 1 egg yolk 50 gram of sugar it's going
to be mixed into those days 200 grams of
meal 200 milliliter of mere 100 gram of
vedic cream and 400 gram of dye support
it's about two hora por but i'm going to
use for that and half on a vanilla bean
so I feel mad a Ferrari and now i'm
going to dice them and when I die Sam
like we said a large messy one size see
I'm cutting it like that here this way
and I just give a proper call
so you see first some cutting them may
cause your battlenet and those pattern
attend would be getting smaller pieces
actually one and a half should do for be
on a night out here of thought share i'm
using six star shell there for engine
starts out now what I'm going to do with
those up or I'm going to place them into
a bowl here like that and I'm going to
squeeze I'm going to squeeze a little
bit of lemon on it just to prevent
oxidation and then I'm going to look
around this way okay so they don't Brown
now I'm going to use my spoon I'm going
to put that into my torture of this way
so as they could be going to shrink a
little bit so it's okay if I first a
little bit above because the custard on
the board because again very straight
down as we could now my already
spreading right now at 325 degree in
another bowl i'm going to do the custard
i'm going to put first my to hold a and
behavior and my sugar i'm going to mix
that together hundred thirty seconds
okay now we need to add my milk 200
milliliter of me up 200 gram it's about
seven ounce and here hundred mediator of
heavy cream oops
so that together placed on a side okay
i'm going to take my ended up in here
i'm going to cut it in half to scrub
given it up into verb pestered good i
got a nice crab to remove all those
little specter of any right here you
could use running lights right into you
don't have any type in it works well too
but if you can use vanilla bean you get
more flavor out of it well not too old
for every i would say okay now i'm going
to store that very well so all the light
it up nice correctly
now my so let's prepare here I'm going
to put that inside me to fill up my knee
the toss this way
don't overfill it and that's going to be
ready to go into my oven as you can see
some of the airport I still standing up
but that's fine they're going to comment
eyes are they cooked and that's going to
be very nice for the look over of those
little beautiful tuft here again in the
oven 325 degree you should take a good
15 minutes for them to date those two
pieces of money are not going to just
get rid of and there's a lot of lever
and those so I keep them for another
recipe I could also make very nice sugar
and I make a value I should go like that
which is good on your coffee in the
morning Tata already be coming out of
the oven right now Judy poor little
things look at those here we are hey
shake them they stay nice and stable
she's beautiful little things here I'm
going to enjoy one in a moment I will
let those set again 10-15 minutes so I
don't burn myself and because they'll
sit down so it's just as a better
texture like that thank you for watching
hope you enjoy that quick lesson on how
to make some beautiful tough as ice here
let me know if you did bye bye